FAQ extensions (#76)
ugent/Studieplekken: frontend/src/assets/md/user-manuals/man-student.en.md

# User manual - Student

Here you will find more information on how to use the Study Rooms application.

## Logging in

If you have not yet logged in, you will see the login button at the top right of the page. If you click on log in, you will be taken to the login page and you will be able to log in via your educational institution. When everything has gone successfully, you will see your name at the top right.

## Searching for a study room

> On the main page, you can find all the study locatiosn that can be reserved by you. On this dashboard, you will briefly see some information for each location: including whether it is currently open, how many seats there are and the next free moment for booking. To see more information about this studio location, click on 'details'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the main page, you can find all the study locations that can be reserved by you. On this dashboard, you will briefly see some information for each location: including whether it is currently open, how many seats there are and the next free moment for booking. To see more information about this study location, click on 'details'.
```

## Booking a study location

> When you are on the page of a study location, you will see a calendar where you can navigate through the time using the buttons. After choosing a timestamp that still has space, you can make a reservation request by selecting the time block and clicking on "update reservation" and confirming. Your reservation will then be reviewed, and possibly approved. You may therefore use this location during the entire reservation period once your reservation has been approved. If there is no more space, you will see, for example, 200/200 reservations, which means that all places are occupied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you are on the page of a study location, you will see a calendar where you can navigate through the time using the buttons. After choosing a time slot that still has space, you can make a reservation request by selecting the time block and clicking on "Update Reservations" and confirming. Your reservation will then be reviewed, and possibly approved. You may therefore use this location during the entire reservation period once your reservation has been approved. If there is no more space, you will see, for example, 200/200 reservations, which means that all places are occupied.
```

If you want to delete reservations, you can do so by selecting a time slot you have already reserved and clicking "update reservation" again. This will show in the dialogue what you are deleting. You can thus add and remove multiple reservations at the same time.

It is also possible to delete reservations via your profile: click on your name at the top right of the page and go to "my reservations". At the bottom of the page you will find an overview of all your reservations. You can cancel a reservation by clicking on the cross in the last column of the table.

## Viewing reservations

To view all your reservations, click on your name at the top right of the page. There you can navigate further to profile. There you can see your own details and an overview of all your reservations.

Here you can also delete your reservations if necessary, by clicking the cross next to your reservation.

## Attendances

When arriving at a study place, attendance will be recorded. This can be done using your student card or the QR code on your profile. Be sure to keep in mind the rules of that location! You can usually find these in the location description.

## Penalty points

> Since 10 January 2021, the point system has been in place at block locations. The points system includes several parameters to ensure study places are optimally used, including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since 10 January 2021, the point system has been in place at Study Rooms. The points system includes several parameters to ensure study places are optimally used, including:
```
